Assignment 2, Problem 1: What's your game?
Team LookingForOneMorePerson: Quan, Julian, Vladimir

TITLE:

BACKSTORY AND GOAL:
Chef Chef runs a Michelin 3-star restaurant named Chez Chef. He's spent the last
week preparing an extravagant meal for a very important person. One morning, he
comes in to work only to find that his entire kitchen has been ransacked by a
colony of giant, super strong rats. Chef decides to take matters into his own
hands, and rid his restaurant of all of these rats forever. Playing as Chef, the
goal of the game is to kill all the rats in each level and reach the exit
without losing all of your HP.

LEVELS:
Each level explores a different part of Chez Chef where the rats have
infiltrated. The player begins in the kitchen (Level 1), moves on to the pantry/
warehouse (Level 2), and then reaches the rats' home base in the sewage tunnels
underneath the restaurant (Level 3). Eventually, the tunnels lead to the final
boss labyrinth (Level 4). The final boss is a giant, evil, sentient meatball
named Meatboss. His rat army collects food from around the restaurant for him,
so that he can grow stronger. In order to kill the final boss, the player must
carefully strategize to maneuver Meatboss into a giant meat grinder.

ATTACKS:
Chef can attack in close combat with various kitchen tools that can be found
during gameplay. He is default equipped with a spatula, but can acquire better
tools along the way like a cheese grater, a cast-iron skillet, etc.

SPECIAL ABILITIES:
Chef was born with a medical condition called Vegemight, which gives him the
ability to super-absorb nutrients out of fruits and vegetables, granting him
special powers. As the player explores each level, Chef can pick up the
following special food items to enable certain effects for a set period of time:

  - sweet potatoes --> increase speed
  - broccoli --> increase defense (rats won't do as much damage)
  - spinach --> increase strength (Chef's attacks will deal more damage)
  - oranges --> recover health (fill up Chef's HP a certain amount)
  - carrots --> increased vision for level 3 or 4 when needed

MOVEMENT:
The player can move using the arrow keys, and attack using specified keys.
